hey whats up youtube HBIC effects of
kiss 4666 how's it going to be up today
I know a lot of you guys new wondering
when this game come out i am not saying
nothing about this life on facebook but
i did see something on Twitter and
you'll be saying an image pop up
momentarily about the UO legacy of
duelists now they said on here is
nothing on the summer well it's almost
obvious and I did save my video probably
will be august-september and yeah and
now we know the release day you'll be
out on Friday July thirty-first don't
forget this game only for playstation 4
and xbox one and i will be getting it
for xbox one because i left account that
i have money on right now
my load up a card and slipper violet
little xbox playstation 4 earned and get
twenty dollar card and uploaded I have
27 in my xbox one account i might as
well spend it on this and see how to
know a lot of people are skeptical about
the game is but but i played it at
nationals a little bit of it I liked it
so yeah I can figure out how to stream
in and stuff I have never streamed on my
xbox one compared to a playstation 4 i
can stream it so i need to look into
that on friday for you guys but that's
my let you guys know if you guys get
this let me know it should be obvious
what my user tag is for xbox one
everything that all my gamer tags are
that Mexicans 4666 you just saying but
yeah this one that you guys know about
this and if you are giving this game let
me know what system you are getting it
for and yeah I'll see you guys later
okay make sure to LIKE this video you
need and if you didn't like to be a good
i got their thumbs up anyway make me
more popular than other youtubers and
i'll see you guys later bye
catch me if you can